README.md, before:

# Why?
> This is a collection of Android Apps with Open Source.  
> I believe we can find something interesting and helpful skills from a product.  
> This idea comes from [this project](https://github.com/dkhamsing/open-source-ios-apps). But its [android-fork](https://github.com/dkhamsing/open-source-android-apps) is so lazy that I create this one.


# How?
> I'll push awesome projects when I find any.  
> It's WELCOM for you to [star](https://github.com/pcqpcq/open-source-android-apps/stargazers) and [fork](https://github.com/pcqpcq/open-source-android-apps#fork-destination-box) this project.   
> If you know something that are not here, it'll be great to [Pull Requests](https://github.com/pcqpcq/open-source-android-apps/pulls).  
> For now, all applications are tidied with category


# What?
## Android Wear  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[9elements One Watch Face](https://github.com/9elements/9elements-One-for-Android-Wear) | A custom watch face for square Android Wear devices. | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.ninelements.nineelementsonewatch)   

------

## Books and Reference   
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[Google I/O](https://github.com/google/iosched) | The Google I/O Android App | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.samples.apps.iosched)   
[WikipediaMobile](https://github.com/wikimedia/WikipediaMobile) | Wikipedia on Mobile (PhoneGap) | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.wikipedia)   

------

## Education  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[Seashell-app](https://github.com/drakeet/Seashell-app) | 贝壳单词 APP Android 客户端 | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=me.drakeet.seashell)   
[Unisannio](https://github.com/alter-ego/unisannio-reboot/) | Android app for University of Sannio students | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=solutions.alterego.android.unisannio)   
[WaniKani for Android](https://github.com/xiprox/WaniKani-for-Android) | An Android client application for the awesome kanji learning website wanikani.com | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=tr.xip.wanikani)

------

## Finance  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[GnuCash](https://github.com/codinguser/gnucash-android) | Gnucash for Android mobile companion application. | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.gnucash.android)   
[Money Manager Ex](https://github.com/moneymanagerex/android-money-manager-ex) | Android port of Money Manager Ex. | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](http://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.money.manager.ex)   

------

## Game  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[2048-android](https://github.com/uberspot/2048-android) | The android port of the 2048 game (for offline playing) | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.uberspot.a2048)   
[Chase Whisply](https://github.com/tvbarthel/ChaseWhisplyProject) | an augmented reality attempt | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=fr.tvbarthel.games.chasewhisply)   
[Pie Noon](https://github.com/google/pienoon) | Multiplayer party game where you can throw pies at your friends. http://google.github.io/pienoon | C++ | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.fpl.pie_noon)   

------

## Multi-Media  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[AnimeTaste](https://github.com/daimajia/AnimeTaste) | Taste global original animation | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.zhan_dui.animetaste)   
[AntennaPod](https://github.com/AntennaPod/AntennaPod) | A podcast manager for Android | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=de.danoeh.antennapod)   
[JamsMusicPlayer](https://github.com/psaravan/JamsMusicPlayer) | A free, powerful and elegant music player for Android. | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.jams.music.player.de.repat)   
[Mizuu](https://github.com/MizzleDK/Mizuu) | Popular media indexer app for Android. http://mizuu.tv | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.miz.mizuu)   
[MPDroid](https://github.com/abarisain/dmix) | Fork of pmix that allows streaming (and now much more) | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.namelessdev.mpdroid)   
[UniversalMusicPlayer](https://github.com/googlesamples/android-UniversalMusicPlayer) | This sample shows how to implement an audio media app that works across multiple form factors and provide a consistent user experience on Android phones, tablets, Auto, Wear and Cast devices | Java |      

------

## News and Magazines  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[Materialistic](https://github.com/hidroh/materialistic) | A materialistic Hacker News Android reader | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=io.github.hidroh.materialistic)  

------

## Personalization  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[Muzei Live Wallpaper](https://github.com/romannurik/muzei) | Muzei Live Wallpaper for Android http://muzei.co | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=net.nurik.roman.muzei)  
[wall-splash-android](https://github.com/mikepenz/wall-splash-android) | wall:splash is a free open source android client for the awesome unsplash.com service (Free (do whatever you want) high-resolution photos) http://mikepenz.github.io/wall-splash-android | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.mikepenz.unsplash)  

------

## Productivity  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[Croma - Palette Manager](https://github.com/numixproject/org.numixproject.croma) | Android packaging for Croma http://croma.numixproject.org | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.numixproject.croma)  
[EverMemo](https://github.com/daimajia/EverMemo) | Fast Record,Organize,and Share. The android memo app you will deeply love. ❤ http://mudlab9.com/ | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.zhan_dui.evermemo)  
[GitHub Android](https://github.com/github/android) | GitHub Android App | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.github.mobile)  
[Gitskarios](https://github.com/alorma/Gitskarios) | Github android aplication http://gitskarios.com/ | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.alorma.github)  
[OctoDroid](https://github.com/slapperwan/gh4a) | Github client for Android | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.gh4a) 
[Omni Notes](https://github.com/federicoiosue/Omni-Notes) | Open source note-taking application for Android | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=it.feio.android.omninotes)  
[Tasks](https://github.com/dmfs/tasks) | A task app for Android | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.dmfs.tasks)  

------

## Social Network  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[BlackLight](https://github.com/PaperAirplane-Dev-Team/BlackLight) | A light Sina Weibo Android client | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=us.shandian.blacklight)   
[Gunnner](https://github.com/egor-n/gunnner) | Dribbble client | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.gunnner)   
[Kontalk Messenger](https://github.com/kontalk/androidclient) | Kontalk official Android client http://www.kontalk.org | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.kontalk) 
[weiciyuan](https://github.com/qii/weiciyuan) | Sina Weibo Android Client | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.qii.weiciyuan)   
[RedPhone](https://github.com/WhisperSystems/RedPhone) | A secure calling app for Android. | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.thoughtcrime.redphone) 
[Shadowsocks](https://github.com/shadowsocks/shadowsocks-android) | A Shadowsocks client for Android | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.github.shadowsocks)   
[Talon for Twitter](https://github.com/klinker24/Talon-for-Twitter) | 100% open source version of my popular Talon for Twitter app on Android. | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.klinker.android.twitter_l) 
[TextSecure](https://github.com/WhisperSystems/TextSecure/) | A secure calling app for Android. | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.thoughtcrime.securesms) 
[Tweetin](https://github.com/mthli/Tweetin) | Yet another Twitter unofficial client for Lollipop. | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=io.github.mthli.Tweetin)   
[Tweet Lanes](https://github.com/chrislacy/TweetLanes) | Tweet Lanes for Android | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.tweetlanes.android)   
[Twidere-Android](https://github.com/TwidereProject/Twidere-Android/) | Twitter client for Android | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.mariotaku.twidere)   
[v2ex-daily-android](https://github.com/kyze8439690/v2ex-daily-android) | A v2ex client on android platform. | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.yugy.v2ex.daily) 
[WordPress](https://github.com/wordpress-mobile/WordPress-Android) | WordPress for Android http://android.wordpress.org | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.wordpress.android) 
[mogujie TeamTalk](https://github.com/mogutt/TTAndroidClient) | The android client of mogutt http://tt.mogu.io/ | Java |    

------

## Tools  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[Bitocle for GitHub](https://github.com/mthli/Bitocle) | Bitocle is a simple android app which allows you to view your source code in GitHub.  | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=io.github.mthli.Bitocle)  
[DesignOverlay](https://github.com/Manabu-GT/DesignOverlay-Android) | Android app which displays design image with grid lines to facilitate the tedious design implementation process  | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.ms_square.android.design.overlay)  
[Flock](https://github.com/WhisperSystems/Flock) | Private contact and calendar sync for Android. https://whispersystems.org/blog/flock  | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.anhonesteffort.flock)  
[OS Monitor](https://github.com/eolwral/OSMonitor) | Android OS Monitor  | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.eolwral.osmonitor)  
[Prey Anti Theft](https://github.com/prey/prey-android-client) | Android client for the Prey anti-theft software. http://preyproject.com  | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.prey)  
[Telecine](https://github.com/JakeWharton/Telecine) | Record full-resolution video on your Android devices. | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.jakewharton.telecine)  
[Terminal Emulator for Android](https://github.com/jackpal/Android-Terminal-Emulator) | A VT-100 terminal emulator for the Android OS | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=jackpal.androidterm)  
[translate-bubble-android](https://github.com/47deg/translate-bubble-android) | Translations without interruptions  | Scala | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.fortysevendeg.translatebubble)  
[zxing](https://github.com/zxing/zxing) | Official ZXing ("Zebra Crossing") project home  | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.zxing.client.android)  
[SuperCleanMaster](https://github.com/joyoyao/superCleanMaster.git) | CleanMaster open source clone | Java |
[S Tools+](https://github.com/naman14/S-Tools) | Keep track of your CPU and Sensors alongwith useful features like Color Picker,Compass and device information | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.naman14.stools)  

------

Commit message:

Added awkward ratings for android
Simple app that uses the REST APIs documented on www.themoviedb.org. Specifically, it asks for the day's most popular movies (sorted by when that movie was last updated in my database) and allows users of the app to vote on which movies would be awkward to watch with parents (or vice versa). Results are presented in an endless RecyclerView.

Used open source libraries:

Retrofit
Picasso
AppCompat-v7's Palette

README.md, after:

# Why?
> This is a collection of Android Apps which are open source.  
> I believe that we can find something interesting and gain helpful skills from an open source app.  
> This idea comes from [this project](https://github.com/dkhamsing/open-source-ios-apps). But its [android-fork](https://github.com/dkhamsing/open-source-android-apps) is not maintained, so I created this one.


# How?
> I'll push awesome projects when I find any.  
> It's WELCOMED for you to [star](https://github.com/pcqpcq/open-source-android-apps/stargazers) and [fork](https://github.com/pcqpcq/open-source-android-apps#fork-destination-box) this project.   
> If you know something that is not here, it'll be great if you could make a [Pull Request](https://github.com/pcqpcq/open-source-android-apps/pulls).  
> All applications are sorted in various categories


# What?
## Android Wear  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[9elements One Watch Face](https://github.com/9elements/9elements-One-for-Android-Wear) | A custom watch face for square Android Wear devices. | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.ninelements.nineelementsonewatch)   

------

## Books and Reference   
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[Google I/O](https://github.com/google/iosched) | The Google I/O Android App | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.samples.apps.iosched)   
[WikipediaMobile](https://github.com/wikimedia/WikipediaMobile) | Wikipedia on Mobile (PhoneGap) | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.wikipedia)   

------

## Education  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[Seashell-app](https://github.com/drakeet/Seashell-app) | 贝壳单词 APP Android 客户端 | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=me.drakeet.seashell)   
[Unisannio](https://github.com/alter-ego/unisannio-reboot/) | Android app for University of Sannio students | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=solutions.alterego.android.unisannio)   
[WaniKani for Android](https://github.com/xiprox/WaniKani-for-Android) | An Android client application for the awesome kanji learning website wanikani.com | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=tr.xip.wanikani)

------

## Finance  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[GnuCash](https://github.com/codinguser/gnucash-android) | Gnucash for Android mobile companion application. | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.gnucash.android)   
[Money Manager Ex](https://github.com/moneymanagerex/android-money-manager-ex) | Android port of Money Manager Ex. | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](http://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.money.manager.ex)   

------

## Game  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[2048-android](https://github.com/uberspot/2048-android) | The android port of the 2048 game (for offline playing) | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.uberspot.a2048)   
[Chase Whisply](https://github.com/tvbarthel/ChaseWhisplyProject) | an augmented reality attempt | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=fr.tvbarthel.games.chasewhisply)   
[Pie Noon](https://github.com/google/pienoon) | Multiplayer party game where you can throw pies at your friends. http://google.github.io/pienoon | C++ | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.fpl.pie_noon)   

------

## Multi-Media  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[AnimeTaste](https://github.com/daimajia/AnimeTaste) | Taste global original animation | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.zhan_dui.animetaste)   
[AntennaPod](https://github.com/AntennaPod/AntennaPod) | A podcast manager for Android | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=de.danoeh.antennapod)   
[JamsMusicPlayer](https://github.com/psaravan/JamsMusicPlayer) | A free, powerful and elegant music player for Android. | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.jams.music.player.de.repat)   
[Mizuu](https://github.com/MizzleDK/Mizuu) | Popular media indexer app for Android. http://mizuu.tv | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.miz.mizuu)   
[MPDroid](https://github.com/abarisain/dmix) | Fork of pmix that allows streaming (and now much more) | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.namelessdev.mpdroid)   
[UniversalMusicPlayer](https://github.com/googlesamples/android-UniversalMusicPlayer) | This sample shows how to implement an audio media app that works across multiple form factors and provide a consistent user experience on Android phones, tablets, Auto, Wear and Cast devices | Java |      
[Awkward Ratings](https://github.com/nasahapps/AwkwardRatings-Android) | Shows a list of movies which would be awkward to watch with parents. | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.nasahapps.awkwardratings)   

------

## News and Magazines  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[Materialistic](https://github.com/hidroh/materialistic) | A materialistic Hacker News Android reader | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=io.github.hidroh.materialistic)  

------

## Personalization  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[Muzei Live Wallpaper](https://github.com/romannurik/muzei) | Muzei Live Wallpaper for Android http://muzei.co | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=net.nurik.roman.muzei)  
[wall-splash-android](https://github.com/mikepenz/wall-splash-android) | wall:splash is a free open source android client for the awesome unsplash.com service (Free (do whatever you want) high-resolution photos) http://mikepenz.github.io/wall-splash-android | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.mikepenz.unsplash)  

------

## Productivity  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[Croma - Palette Manager](https://github.com/numixproject/org.numixproject.croma) | Android packaging for Croma http://croma.numixproject.org | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.numixproject.croma)  
[EverMemo](https://github.com/daimajia/EverMemo) | Fast Record,Organize,and Share. The android memo app you will deeply love. ❤ http://mudlab9.com/ | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.zhan_dui.evermemo)  
[GitHub Android](https://github.com/github/android) | GitHub Android App | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.github.mobile)  
[Gitskarios](https://github.com/alorma/Gitskarios) | Github android aplication http://gitskarios.com/ | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.alorma.github)  
[OctoDroid](https://github.com/slapperwan/gh4a) | Github client for Android | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.gh4a) 
[Omni Notes](https://github.com/federicoiosue/Omni-Notes) | Open source note-taking application for Android | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=it.feio.android.omninotes)  
[Tasks](https://github.com/dmfs/tasks) | A task app for Android | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.dmfs.tasks)  

------

## Social Network  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[BlackLight](https://github.com/PaperAirplane-Dev-Team/BlackLight) | A light Sina Weibo Android client | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=us.shandian.blacklight)   
[Gunnner](https://github.com/egor-n/gunnner) | Dribbble client | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.gunnner)   
[Kontalk Messenger](https://github.com/kontalk/androidclient) | Kontalk official Android client http://www.kontalk.org | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.kontalk) 
[weiciyuan](https://github.com/qii/weiciyuan) | Sina Weibo Android Client | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.qii.weiciyuan)   
[RedPhone](https://github.com/WhisperSystems/RedPhone) | A secure calling app for Android. | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.thoughtcrime.redphone) 
[Shadowsocks](https://github.com/shadowsocks/shadowsocks-android) | A Shadowsocks client for Android | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.github.shadowsocks)   
[Talon for Twitter](https://github.com/klinker24/Talon-for-Twitter) | 100% open source version of my popular Talon for Twitter app on Android. | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.klinker.android.twitter_l) 
[TextSecure](https://github.com/WhisperSystems/TextSecure/) | A secure calling app for Android. | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.thoughtcrime.securesms) 
[Tweetin](https://github.com/mthli/Tweetin) | Yet another Twitter unofficial client for Lollipop. | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=io.github.mthli.Tweetin)   
[Tweet Lanes](https://github.com/chrislacy/TweetLanes) | Tweet Lanes for Android | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.tweetlanes.android)   
[Twidere-Android](https://github.com/TwidereProject/Twidere-Android/) | Twitter client for Android | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.mariotaku.twidere)   
[v2ex-daily-android](https://github.com/kyze8439690/v2ex-daily-android) | A v2ex client on android platform. | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.yugy.v2ex.daily) 
[WordPress](https://github.com/wordpress-mobile/WordPress-Android) | WordPress for Android http://android.wordpress.org | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.wordpress.android) 
[mogujie TeamTalk](https://github.com/mogutt/TTAndroidClient) | The android client of mogutt http://tt.mogu.io/ | Java |    

------

## Tools  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[Bitocle for GitHub](https://github.com/mthli/Bitocle) | Bitocle is a simple android app which allows you to view your source code in GitHub.  | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=io.github.mthli.Bitocle)  
[DesignOverlay](https://github.com/Manabu-GT/DesignOverlay-Android) | Android app which displays design image with grid lines to facilitate the tedious design implementation process  | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.ms_square.android.design.overlay)  
[Flock](https://github.com/WhisperSystems/Flock) | Private contact and calendar sync for Android. https://whispersystems.org/blog/flock  | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.anhonesteffort.flock)  
[OS Monitor](https://github.com/eolwral/OSMonitor) | Android OS Monitor  | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.eolwral.osmonitor)  
[Prey Anti Theft](https://github.com/prey/prey-android-client) | Android client for the Prey anti-theft software. http://preyproject.com  | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.prey)  
[Telecine](https://github.com/JakeWharton/Telecine) | Record full-resolution video on your Android devices. | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.jakewharton.telecine)  
[Terminal Emulator for Android](https://github.com/jackpal/Android-Terminal-Emulator) | A VT-100 terminal emulator for the Android OS | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=jackpal.androidterm)  
[translate-bubble-android](https://github.com/47deg/translate-bubble-android) | Translations without interruptions  | Scala | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.fortysevendeg.translatebubble)  
[zxing](https://github.com/zxing/zxing) | Official ZXing ("Zebra Crossing") project home  | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.zxing.client.android)  
[SuperCleanMaster](https://github.com/joyoyao/superCleanMaster.git) | CleanMaster open source clone | Java |
[S Tools+](https://github.com/naman14/S-Tools) | Keep track of your CPU and Sensors alongwith useful features like Color Picker,Compass and device information | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.naman14.stools)  

------
