categories/android_wear.md, before:

## Android Wear  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[9elements One Watch Face](https://github.com/9elements/9elements-One-for-Android-Wear) | A custom watch face for square Android Wear devices. | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.ninelements.nineelementsonewatch)   
[Binary Watch Face](https://github.com/dwa012/WearBinaryWatchFace) | A Binary watch face for you Android Wear device! | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](com.bytemesoftware.wear.faces.binary)   
[Wear for Swarm](https://github.com/sealskej/wear-for-swarm) | Swarm (aka Foursquare) for Android Wear! | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=io.seal.swarmwear)   
[Voice Activated Tip Calculator](https://github.com/mbcrump/FirstGoogleWearableApp) | This Google Wear app includes voice recognition that will calculate a tip. | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=net.michaelcrump.voicetipcalculator)

Commit message:

add Reddit for Wear by @emmaguy

categories/android_wear.md, after:

## Android Wear  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[9elements One Watch Face](https://github.com/9elements/9elements-One-for-Android-Wear) | A custom watch face for square Android Wear devices. | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.ninelements.nineelementsonewatch)   
[Binary Watch Face](https://github.com/dwa012/WearBinaryWatchFace) | A Binary watch face for you Android Wear device! | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](com.bytemesoftware.wear.faces.binary)   
[Reddit for Wear](https://github.com/emmaguy/redditwear) | Reddit for Android Wear | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.emmaguy.todayilearned)   
[Wear for Swarm](https://github.com/sealskej/wear-for-swarm) | Swarm (aka Foursquare) for Android Wear! | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=io.seal.swarmwear)   
[Voice Activated Tip Calculator](https://github.com/mbcrump/FirstGoogleWearableApp) | This Google Wear app includes voice recognition that will calculate a tip. | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=net.michaelcrump.voicetipcalculator)
