categories/business.md, before:

## Business  
### \#    
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
| | | 

### A    
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
| | | 

### B    
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
| | | 

### C    
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
| | | 

### D    
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
| | | 

### E    
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

### F    
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
| | | 

### G    
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
| | | 

### H    
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
| | | 

### I    
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
| | | 

### J  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
| | | 

### K  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
| | | 

### L  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
| | | 

### M  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
| | | 

### N  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
| | | 

### O  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[OpenShop.io](https://github.com/openshopio/openshop.io-android) | First mobile E-commerce solution connected to Facebook Ads and Google. | Java | 

### P  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
| | | 

### Q  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
| | | 

### R  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
| | | 

### S  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
| | | 

### T  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
| | | 

### U  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
| | | 

### V  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
| | | 
 
### W  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
| | | 

### X  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
| | | 

### Y  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
| | | 

### Z  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
| | |

Commit message:

More open source android apps

categories/business.md, after:

## Business  
### \#    
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
| | | 

### A    
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
| | | 

### B    
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
| | | 

### C    
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
| | | 

### D    
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
| | | 

### E    
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

### F    
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
| | | 

### G    
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
| | | 

### H    
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
| | | 

### I    
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
| | | 

### J  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
| | | 

### K  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
| | | 

### L  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
| | | 

### M  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
| | | 

### N  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
| | | 

### O  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[OpenShop.io](https://github.com/openshopio/openshop.io-android) | First mobile E-commerce solution connected to Facebook Ads and Google. | Java | 
[OpenPetra](https://github.com/openpetra/openpetra) | Open-source Android app for charitable organizations, serving as administration software combining CRM and ERP functionalities.  | C# |

### P  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
| | | 

### Q  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
| | | 

### R  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
| | | 

### S  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
| | | 

### T  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
| | | 

### U  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
| | | 

### V  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
| | | 
 
### W  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
| | | 

### X  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
| | | 

### Y  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
| | | 

### Z  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
| | |
