categories/finance.md, before:

## Finance  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[GnuCash](https://github.com/codinguser/gnucash-android) | Gnucash for Android mobile companion application. | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.gnucash.android)   
[Money Manager Ex](https://github.com/moneymanagerex/android-money-manager-ex) | Android port of Money Manager Ex. | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](http://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.money.manager.ex)   
[Financius](https://github.com/mvarnagiris/financius-public) | Financius is a simple application that helps you log and track your expenses and keep an eye on your balance. | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.code44.finance)

Commit message:

Add Coins by @soffes @nothingmagical

categories/finance.md, after:

## Finance  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[Coins](https://github.com/nothingmagical/coins-android) | A simple app to see how much your Bitcoins are worth. | Java |
[GnuCash](https://github.com/codinguser/gnucash-android) | Gnucash for Android mobile companion application. | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.gnucash.android)   
[Money Manager Ex](https://github.com/moneymanagerex/android-money-manager-ex) | Android port of Money Manager Ex. | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](http://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.money.manager.ex)   
[Financius](https://github.com/mvarnagiris/financius-public) | Financius is a simple application that helps you log and track your expenses and keep an eye on your balance. | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.code44.finance)
