categories/game.md, before:

## Game  
###\# 
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[2048-android](https://github.com/uberspot/2048-android) | The android port of the 2048 game (for offline playing) | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.uberspot.a2048)   

###A
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###B
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###C
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[Chase Whisply](https://github.com/tvbarthel/ChaseWhisplyProject) | an augmented reality attempt | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=fr.tvbarthel.games.chasewhisply)   
[cantstoptherock](https://github.com/huntergdavis/cantstoptherock) | A simple adversarial game | Java |
[Pie Noon](https://github.com/google/pienoon) | Multiplayer party game where you can throw pies at your friends. http://google.github.io/pienoon | C++ | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.fpl.pie_noon)   

###D
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###E
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###F
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###G
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[Gloomy Dungeons 3D](https://github.com/restorer/Gloomy-Dungeons-3D) | Old-school 3D shooter | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=zame.GloomyDungeons.freedemo.game)
[Gloomy Dungeons 2: Blood Honor](https://github.com/restorer/gloomy-dungeons-2) | Continuation of old-school 3D shooter | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.zamedev.gloomydungeons2.fullnfree)
[Google Santa Tracker](https://github.com/google/santa-tracker-android) | Google Santa Tracker app for Android is an educational and entertaining tradition that brings joy to millions of children (and children at heart) across the world over the December holiday period.  | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.android.apps.santatracker)

###H
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###I
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###J
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###K
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###L
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###M
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###N
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###O
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###P
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###Q
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###R
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###S
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###T
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###U
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###V
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###W
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###X
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###Y
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###Z
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[Zabyrinth](https://github.com/Zachacious/Zabyrinth) | Physics Game based on the Layrinth board Game. | C++ | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.EpicElf.Zabyrinth)

Commit message:

add Cloud Cup by @google

categories/game.md, after:

## Game  
###\# 
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[2048-android](https://github.com/uberspot/2048-android) | The android port of the 2048 game (for offline playing) | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.uberspot.a2048)   

###A
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###B
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###C
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[cantstoptherock](https://github.com/huntergdavis/cantstoptherock) | A simple adversarial game | Java |
[Chase Whisply](https://github.com/tvbarthel/ChaseWhisplyProject) | an augmented reality attempt | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=fr.tvbarthel.games.chasewhisply)   
[Cloud Cup](https://github.com/google/cloud-cup-android) | Firebase Android client of the a multi device game http://cloud-cup.firebaseapp.com | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=fr.steren.cloudcup)   
[Pie Noon](https://github.com/google/pienoon) | Multiplayer party game where you can throw pies at your friends. http://google.github.io/pienoon | C++ | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.fpl.pie_noon)   

###D
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###E
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###F
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###G
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[Gloomy Dungeons 3D](https://github.com/restorer/Gloomy-Dungeons-3D) | Old-school 3D shooter | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=zame.GloomyDungeons.freedemo.game)
[Gloomy Dungeons 2: Blood Honor](https://github.com/restorer/gloomy-dungeons-2) | Continuation of old-school 3D shooter | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.zamedev.gloomydungeons2.fullnfree)
[Google Santa Tracker](https://github.com/google/santa-tracker-android) | Google Santa Tracker app for Android is an educational and entertaining tradition that brings joy to millions of children (and children at heart) across the world over the December holiday period.  | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.android.apps.santatracker)

###H
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###I
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###J
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###K
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###L
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###M
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###N
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###O
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###P
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###Q
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###R
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###S
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###T
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###U
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###V
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###W
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###X
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###Y
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###Z
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[Zabyrinth](https://github.com/Zachacious/Zabyrinth) | Physics Game based on the Layrinth board Game. | C++ | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.EpicElf.Zabyrinth)
