categories/health_fitness.md, before:

## Health & Fitness  
###\# 
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
| | | 

###A
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[Android heart rate monitor](https://github.com/phishman3579/android-heart-rate-monitor) | Android based heart rate monitor which uses the camera and its flash to determine the users heart rate in beats per minute. | Java | |

###B
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
| | | 

###C
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###D
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###E
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###F
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
| | | 

###G
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###H
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###I
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###J
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###K
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###L
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
| | | 

###M
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###N
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###O
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###P
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[Pedometer](https://github.com/j4velin/Pedometer) | Lightweight pedometer app for Android using the hardware step sensor | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](http://i.imgur.com/7sq06lr.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=de.j4velin.pedometer)   

###Q
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###R
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
| | | 

###S
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###T
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###U
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###V
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###W
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###X
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 
 
###Y
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###Z
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | |

Commit message:

Android app to collect medical data
Adding my Android mobile app to the repository.

categories/health_fitness.md, after:

## Health & Fitness  
###\# 
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
| | | 

###A
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[Android heart rate monitor](https://github.com/phishman3579/android-heart-rate-monitor) | Android based heart rate monitor which uses the camera and its flash to determine the users heart rate in beats per minute. | Java | |
[Android app to collect medical data](https://github.com/Ana06/medical-data-android) | Android app to collect data to be analyzed for medical purposes. | Java | |

###B
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
| | | 

###C
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###D
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###E
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###F
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
| | | 

###G
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###H
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###I
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###J
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###K
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###L
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
| | | 

###M
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###N
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###O
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###P
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[Pedometer](https://github.com/j4velin/Pedometer) | Lightweight pedometer app for Android using the hardware step sensor | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](http://i.imgur.com/7sq06lr.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=de.j4velin.pedometer)   

###Q
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###R
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
| | | 

###S
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###T
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###U
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###V
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###W
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###X
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 
 
###Y
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###Z
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | |
