categories/multi_media.md, before:

## Multi-Media  
### \#   
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 |  |  |

### A  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[ACEMusicPlayer](https://github.com/C-Aniruddh/ACEMusicPlayer) | A material music player for the android platform | Java | 
[ad-free](https://github.com/abertschi/ad-free) | ad-free is a proof-of-concept of a modularized audio ad blocker written in Kotlin with a modern and simplistic user interface. | Kotlin | [![Get it on Third-party](http://i.imgur.com/ppYJYe5.png)](https://f-droid.org/packages/ch.abertschi.adfree/)
[AnimeTaste](https://github.com/daimajia/AnimeTaste) | Taste global original animation | Java | 
[AntennaPod](https://github.com/AntennaPod/AntennaPod) | A podcast manager for Android | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://i.imgur.com/T9HnFlW.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=de.danoeh.antennapod)   
[Awkward Ratings](https://github.com/nasahapps/AwkwardRatings-Android) | Shows a list of movies which would be awkward to watch with parents. | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://i.imgur.com/T9HnFlW.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.nasahapps.awkwardratings)  
["A Photo Manager" with "A Photo Map"](https://github.com/k3b/APhotoManager/) | Manage local photos on Android: gallery, geo map, find, sort, view, copy, delete, set gps exif data, send, ... . | Java | [<img src="https://f-droid.org/badge/get-it-on.png" alt="available on F-Droid app store" height="45">](https://f-droid.org/app/de.k3b.android.androFotoFinder)
[Apollo](https://github.com/CyanogenMod/android_packages_apps_Apollo) | Highly customizable Android music app. | Java |
[Auro](https://github.com/architjn/Auro) | 1st Most Fastest, Latest Designed and open source Music player | Java |
[Aves](https://github.com/deckerst/aves) | Aves is a gallery and metadata explorer app, built for Android with Flutter. | Dart | [![Get it on Google Play](https://i.imgur.com/T9HnFlW.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=deckers.thibault.aves)

### B  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[Bandhook-Kotlin](https://github.com/antoniolg/Bandhook-Kotlin) | A showcase music app for Android entirely written using Kotlin language. | Kotlin | 
[bilibili-android-client](https://github.com/HotBitmapGG/bilibili-android-client) | An unofficial [bilibili](https://www.bilibili.com/) client for android | Java |

### C  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[CloudStream](https://github.com/recloudstream/cloudstream) | Android app for streaming and downloading media. | Kotlin |

### D  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[Droided Media Tank](https://github.com/vikingbrain/droidedmediatank) | Remote control and management of Networked Media Tank media streamers. Designed for Popcorn Hour A100, A110, A200, A210, A300, A400, B110, C200, C300, PopBox 3D, PopBox V8, eGreat, Digitek HDX, Kaiboer and others based in NMT system | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://i.imgur.com/T9HnFlW.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.vikingbrain.dmt) 

### E  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[Easy Sound Recorder](https://github.com/dkim0419/SoundRecorder) | A simple sound recording app implementing Material Design | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://i.imgur.com/T9HnFlW.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.danielkim.soundrecorder)     
[ExoPlayer](https://github.com/google/ExoPlayer) | A simple sound recording app implementing Material Design | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://i.imgur.com/T9HnFlW.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.danielkim.soundrecorder)    

### F  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 |  |  |

### G  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[GEM](https://github.com/Substance-Project/GEM) | A music player for Android, in stunning Material Design. https://substanceproject.net/ | Java |      

### H  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 |  |  |

### I  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 |  |  |

### J  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[heMusicPlayer](https://github.com/psaravan/JamsMusicPlayer) | A free, powerful and elegant music player for Android. | Java |   
[Jellyfin](https://github.com/jellyfin/jellyfin-android) | Jellyfin is the volunteer-built media solution that puts you in control of your media. Stream to any device from your own server, with no strings attached. | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://i.imgur.com/7sq06lr.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.jellyfin.mobile)

### K  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 |  |  |

### L  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[Last.fm](https://github.com/lastfm/lastfm-android) | The official Last.fm Android app. | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://i.imgur.com/T9HnFlW.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=fm.last.android) 
[L Camera](https://github.com/PkmX/lcamera) | A camera app using the new camera2 API in Android Lollipop | Scala | [![Get it on Third-Party](http://i.imgur.com/ppYJYe5.png)](https://github.com/PkmX/lcamera/releases) 

### M  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[Material-Movies](https://github.com/saulmm/Material-Movies) | An application about movies with material design | Java |      
[Material Audiobook Player](https://github.com/PaulWoitaschek/MaterialAudiobookPlayer) | Audiobook Player for Android | Kotlin | [![Get it on Google Play](https://i.imgur.com/T9HnFlW.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=de.ph1b.audiobook)       
[MD-BiliBili](https://github.com/Qixingchen/MD-BiliBili) | Third-part android client of http://www.bilibili.com with Material Design | Java | [![Get it on Third-Party](http://i.imgur.com/ppYJYe5.png)](https://github.com/Qixingchen/MD-BiliBili/releases)       
[Mizuu](https://github.com/MizzleDK/Mizuu) | Popular media indexer app for Android. http://mizuu.tv | Java | [![Get it on Third-Party](http://i.imgur.com/ppYJYe5.png)](http://mizuu.tv/wp-content/plugins/download-monitor/download.php?id=20)   
[MovieGuide](https://github.com/esoxjem/MovieGuide) | An Android app that showcases the MVP pattern and RxJava | Java |    
[MPDroid](https://github.com/abarisain/dmix) | Fork of pmix that allows streaming (and now much more) | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://i.imgur.com/T9HnFlW.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.namelessdev.mpdroid)   
[music](https://github.com/psaravan/Music) | Music Elegant music player for Lollipop. | Java | 
[Music DNA](https://github.com/harjot-oberai/MusicStreamer) | A Music Player for android that renders beautiful DNA(Visualization) of the currently playing music. | Java | 
[Mute for Sonos](https://github.com/cw124/mute-for-sonos) | Mute all your Sonos systems with a single tap of a widget. They will unmute again automatically a while later. Multiple taps of the widget increase the mute time. Uses Cling UPnP library and Jetty | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://i.imgur.com/T9HnFlW.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=uk.co.chriswiggins.muteforsonos)

### N  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[NewPipe](https://github.com/TeamNewPipe/NewPipe) | A lightweight Youtube frontend for Android. | Java | [![Get it on F-Droid](https://f-droid.org/badge/get-it-on.png)](https://f-droid.org/en/packages/org.schabi.newpipe/)  
[NOVA](https://github.com/nova-video-player/aos-AVP) | NOVA is an Android open source video player for local/network content with subtitle/metadata download support. | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://i.imgur.com/T9HnFlW.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.courville.nova)

### O  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[OCiney](https://github.com/florent37/OCiney) | Allociné movie app | Java |
[OpenImgur](https://github.com/Kennyc1012/Opengur) |Open source Imgur Android App | Java | 

### P  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[PDF Creator](https://github.com/Swati4star/Images-to-PDF) | An app to convert images to PDF file  | Java | [![Get it on Third-Party](http://i.imgur.com/ppYJYe5.png)](https://f-droid.org/app/swati4star.createpdf)       
[philm](https://github.com/chrisbanes/philm) | Movie collection and information app for Android. | Java |
[Phonograph](https://github.com/kabouzeid/Phonograph) | A material designed music player for Android | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://i.imgur.com/T9HnFlW.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.kabouzeid.gramophone) 
[Podverse](https://github.com/podverse/podverse-rn) | A feature-rich, cross-platform podcast app with a focus on clip sharing and discovery | JavaScript/React Native | [![Get it on Google Play](https://i.imgur.com/T9HnFlW.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.podverse&hl=en_US) 

### Q  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[QuickNovel](https://github.com/LagradOst/QuickNovel) | Adfree FOSS Android app for downloading novels. It also functions as an Epub reader. | Kotlin | 

### R  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[Retro Music Player](https://github.com/RetroMusicPlayer/RetroMusicPlayer) | A Material You Design music player for Android | Kotlin | [![Get it on Google Play](https://i.imgur.com/T9HnFlW.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=code.name.monkey.retromusic&hl=en)

### S  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[SagaMusic](https://github.com/SagaMusic/saga-android) | Free and legal music downloader for Android | Java |   
[Simple Gallery](https://github.com/SimpleMobileTools/Simple-Gallery) | A Simple Photo and Video gallery | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://i.imgur.com/T9HnFlW.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.simplemobiletools.gallery)
[Simple Music Player](https://github.com/SimpleMobileTools/Simple-Music-Player) | A Simple Music Player without ads and unnecessary permissions. | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://i.imgur.com/T9HnFlW.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.simplemobiletools.musicplayer)
[SimplifyReader](https://github.com/SkillCollege/SimplifyReader) | An Android client with Material Design, in chinese. | Java | 
[Sky31Radio](https://github.com/linroid/Sky31Radio) | 湘潭大学三翼校园"四季电台" Android客户端 | Java | 
[Shuttle](https://github.com/timusus/Shuttle) | Music Player | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://i.imgur.com/T9HnFlW.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=another.music.player)
[SoundSpice](https://github.com/farshed/SoundSpice-mobile) | SoundSpice is a light-weight and minimalist music player for Android. | JavaScript | [![Get it on Google Play](https://i.imgur.com/T9HnFlW.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.vynilla)
[spydroid-ipcamera](https://github.com/fyhertz/spydroid-ipcamera) | A powerful and funny android app. that streams the camera and microphone of your phone to your browser or to VLC | Java |   
[StickerCamera](https://github.com/Skykai521/StickerCamera) | A camera with sticker feature | Java |     
[SeriesGuide](https://github.com/UweTrottmann/SeriesGuide) | Manage (re)watching your favorite TV shows on your Android devices.  | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://i.imgur.com/T9HnFlW.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.battlelancer.seriesguide)
[Suprabhatham](https://github.com/v-adhithyan/suprabhatham-android-app) | Play Lord Venkateswara Suprabhatham or use schedule for playback later with option for recurring playback. | Java | 
[Showly](https://github.com/michaldrabik/showly-2.0) | Showly 2.0 is modern, slick, open-sourced Android TV Shows Tracker. | Kotlin | [![Get it on Google Play](https://i.imgur.com/T9HnFlW.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.michaldrabik.showly2)

### T  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[Telecine](https://github.com/JakeWharton/Telecine) | Record full resolution video | Java
[Timber](https://github.com/naman14/Timber) | Material Design Music Player | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://i.imgur.com/T9HnFlW.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=naman14.timber)
[Track My Shows](https://github.com/chashmeetsingh/TrackIt-Android) | Track My Shows | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://i.imgur.com/T9HnFlW.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=ss.delta.com.trackmyshows)
[Twire](https://github.com/Perflyst/Twire) | Twire is an open source, ad free Twitch browser and stream player for Android. | Java | [![Get it on Third-Party](http://i.imgur.com/ppYJYe5.png)](https://f-droid.org/packages/com.perflyst.twire/)

### U  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[UniversalMusicPlayer](https://github.com/googlesamples/android-UniversalMusicPlayer) | This sample shows how to implement an audio media app that works across multiple form factors and provide a consistent user experience on Android phones, tablets, Auto, Wear and Cast devices | Java |      

### V  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[Vanilla Music](https://github.com/vanilla-music/vanilla) | Vanilla Music is a clean, simple and free (opensource) music player. | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://i.imgur.com/T9HnFlW.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla)
[VLC for Android](https://github.com/videolan/vlc-android) | VLC is a free and open source cross-platform multimedia player and framework that plays most multimedia files as well as DVDs, Audio CDs, VCDs, and various streaming protocols. | C | [![Get it on Google Play](https://i.imgur.com/T9HnFlW.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.videolan.vlc&hl=en)

### W  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[WhatAndroid](https://github.com/Gwindow/WhatAndroid) | The What.CD Android App http://gwindow.github.com/WhatAndroid/ | Java | [![Get it on Third-Party](http://i.imgur.com/ppYJYe5.png)](http://gwindow.github.io/WhatAndroid/) 

### X  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[XimalayaKotlin](https://github.com/gs666/XimalayaKotlin) | An unofficial [Ximalaya FM](https://www.ximalaya.com/) client for Android entirely written using Kotlin language. | Kotlin |

### Y  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 |  |  |

### Z  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 |  |  |

Commit message:

add kafka in multi-media

categories/multi_media.md, after:

## Multi-Media  
### \#   
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 |  |  |

### A  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[ACEMusicPlayer](https://github.com/C-Aniruddh/ACEMusicPlayer) | A material music player for the android platform | Java | 
[ad-free](https://github.com/abertschi/ad-free) | ad-free is a proof-of-concept of a modularized audio ad blocker written in Kotlin with a modern and simplistic user interface. | Kotlin | [![Get it on Third-party](http://i.imgur.com/ppYJYe5.png)](https://f-droid.org/packages/ch.abertschi.adfree/)
[AnimeTaste](https://github.com/daimajia/AnimeTaste) | Taste global original animation | Java | 
[AntennaPod](https://github.com/AntennaPod/AntennaPod) | A podcast manager for Android | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://i.imgur.com/T9HnFlW.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=de.danoeh.antennapod)   
[Awkward Ratings](https://github.com/nasahapps/AwkwardRatings-Android) | Shows a list of movies which would be awkward to watch with parents. | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://i.imgur.com/T9HnFlW.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.nasahapps.awkwardratings)  
["A Photo Manager" with "A Photo Map"](https://github.com/k3b/APhotoManager/) | Manage local photos on Android: gallery, geo map, find, sort, view, copy, delete, set gps exif data, send, ... . | Java | [<img src="https://f-droid.org/badge/get-it-on.png" alt="available on F-Droid app store" height="45">](https://f-droid.org/app/de.k3b.android.androFotoFinder)
[Apollo](https://github.com/CyanogenMod/android_packages_apps_Apollo) | Highly customizable Android music app. | Java |
[Auro](https://github.com/architjn/Auro) | 1st Most Fastest, Latest Designed and open source Music player | Java |
[Aves](https://github.com/deckerst/aves) | Aves is a gallery and metadata explorer app, built for Android with Flutter. | Dart | [![Get it on Google Play](https://i.imgur.com/T9HnFlW.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=deckers.thibault.aves)

### B  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[Bandhook-Kotlin](https://github.com/antoniolg/Bandhook-Kotlin) | A showcase music app for Android entirely written using Kotlin language. | Kotlin | 
[bilibili-android-client](https://github.com/HotBitmapGG/bilibili-android-client) | An unofficial [bilibili](https://www.bilibili.com/) client for android | Java |

### C  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[CloudStream](https://github.com/recloudstream/cloudstream) | Android app for streaming and downloading media. | Kotlin |

### D  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[Droided Media Tank](https://github.com/vikingbrain/droidedmediatank) | Remote control and management of Networked Media Tank media streamers. Designed for Popcorn Hour A100, A110, A200, A210, A300, A400, B110, C200, C300, PopBox 3D, PopBox V8, eGreat, Digitek HDX, Kaiboer and others based in NMT system | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://i.imgur.com/T9HnFlW.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.vikingbrain.dmt) 

### E  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[Easy Sound Recorder](https://github.com/dkim0419/SoundRecorder) | A simple sound recording app implementing Material Design | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://i.imgur.com/T9HnFlW.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.danielkim.soundrecorder)     
[ExoPlayer](https://github.com/google/ExoPlayer) | A simple sound recording app implementing Material Design | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://i.imgur.com/T9HnFlW.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.danielkim.soundrecorder)    

### F  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 |  |  |

### G  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[GEM](https://github.com/Substance-Project/GEM) | A music player for Android, in stunning Material Design. https://substanceproject.net/ | Java |      

### H  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 |  |  |

### I  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 |  |  |

### J  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[heMusicPlayer](https://github.com/psaravan/JamsMusicPlayer) | A free, powerful and elegant music player for Android. | Java |   
[Jellyfin](https://github.com/jellyfin/jellyfin-android) | Jellyfin is the volunteer-built media solution that puts you in control of your media. Stream to any device from your own server, with no strings attached. | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://i.imgur.com/7sq06lr.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.jellyfin.mobile)

### K  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[Kafka for Internet Archive](https://github.com/vipulyaara/Kafka) | Android client for Internet Archive serving millions of text and audio in a modern interface with built-in reader and audio player. | Kotlin | [![Get it on Google Play](https://i.imgur.com/T9HnFlW.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.kafka.user)

### L  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[Last.fm](https://github.com/lastfm/lastfm-android) | The official Last.fm Android app. | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://i.imgur.com/T9HnFlW.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=fm.last.android) 
[L Camera](https://github.com/PkmX/lcamera) | A camera app using the new camera2 API in Android Lollipop | Scala | [![Get it on Third-Party](http://i.imgur.com/ppYJYe5.png)](https://github.com/PkmX/lcamera/releases) 

### M  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[Material-Movies](https://github.com/saulmm/Material-Movies) | An application about movies with material design | Java |      
[Material Audiobook Player](https://github.com/PaulWoitaschek/MaterialAudiobookPlayer) | Audiobook Player for Android | Kotlin | [![Get it on Google Play](https://i.imgur.com/T9HnFlW.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=de.ph1b.audiobook)       
[MD-BiliBili](https://github.com/Qixingchen/MD-BiliBili) | Third-part android client of http://www.bilibili.com with Material Design | Java | [![Get it on Third-Party](http://i.imgur.com/ppYJYe5.png)](https://github.com/Qixingchen/MD-BiliBili/releases)       
[Mizuu](https://github.com/MizzleDK/Mizuu) | Popular media indexer app for Android. http://mizuu.tv | Java | [![Get it on Third-Party](http://i.imgur.com/ppYJYe5.png)](http://mizuu.tv/wp-content/plugins/download-monitor/download.php?id=20)   
[MovieGuide](https://github.com/esoxjem/MovieGuide) | An Android app that showcases the MVP pattern and RxJava | Java |    
[MPDroid](https://github.com/abarisain/dmix) | Fork of pmix that allows streaming (and now much more) | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://i.imgur.com/T9HnFlW.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.namelessdev.mpdroid)   
[music](https://github.com/psaravan/Music) | Music Elegant music player for Lollipop. | Java | 
[Music DNA](https://github.com/harjot-oberai/MusicStreamer) | A Music Player for android that renders beautiful DNA(Visualization) of the currently playing music. | Java | 
[Mute for Sonos](https://github.com/cw124/mute-for-sonos) | Mute all your Sonos systems with a single tap of a widget. They will unmute again automatically a while later. Multiple taps of the widget increase the mute time. Uses Cling UPnP library and Jetty | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://i.imgur.com/T9HnFlW.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=uk.co.chriswiggins.muteforsonos)

### N  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[NewPipe](https://github.com/TeamNewPipe/NewPipe) | A lightweight Youtube frontend for Android. | Java | [![Get it on F-Droid](https://f-droid.org/badge/get-it-on.png)](https://f-droid.org/en/packages/org.schabi.newpipe/)  
[NOVA](https://github.com/nova-video-player/aos-AVP) | NOVA is an Android open source video player for local/network content with subtitle/metadata download support. | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://i.imgur.com/T9HnFlW.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.courville.nova)

### O  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[OCiney](https://github.com/florent37/OCiney) | Allociné movie app | Java |
[OpenImgur](https://github.com/Kennyc1012/Opengur) |Open source Imgur Android App | Java | 

### P  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[PDF Creator](https://github.com/Swati4star/Images-to-PDF) | An app to convert images to PDF file  | Java | [![Get it on Third-Party](http://i.imgur.com/ppYJYe5.png)](https://f-droid.org/app/swati4star.createpdf)       
[philm](https://github.com/chrisbanes/philm) | Movie collection and information app for Android. | Java |
[Phonograph](https://github.com/kabouzeid/Phonograph) | A material designed music player for Android | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://i.imgur.com/T9HnFlW.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.kabouzeid.gramophone) 
[Podverse](https://github.com/podverse/podverse-rn) | A feature-rich, cross-platform podcast app with a focus on clip sharing and discovery | JavaScript/React Native | [![Get it on Google Play](https://i.imgur.com/T9HnFlW.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.podverse&hl=en_US) 

### Q  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[QuickNovel](https://github.com/LagradOst/QuickNovel) | Adfree FOSS Android app for downloading novels. It also functions as an Epub reader. | Kotlin | 

### R  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[Retro Music Player](https://github.com/RetroMusicPlayer/RetroMusicPlayer) | A Material You Design music player for Android | Kotlin | [![Get it on Google Play](https://i.imgur.com/T9HnFlW.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=code.name.monkey.retromusic&hl=en)

### S  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[SagaMusic](https://github.com/SagaMusic/saga-android) | Free and legal music downloader for Android | Java |   
[Simple Gallery](https://github.com/SimpleMobileTools/Simple-Gallery) | A Simple Photo and Video gallery | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://i.imgur.com/T9HnFlW.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.simplemobiletools.gallery)
[Simple Music Player](https://github.com/SimpleMobileTools/Simple-Music-Player) | A Simple Music Player without ads and unnecessary permissions. | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://i.imgur.com/T9HnFlW.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.simplemobiletools.musicplayer)
[SimplifyReader](https://github.com/SkillCollege/SimplifyReader) | An Android client with Material Design, in chinese. | Java | 
[Sky31Radio](https://github.com/linroid/Sky31Radio) | 湘潭大学三翼校园"四季电台" Android客户端 | Java | 
[Shuttle](https://github.com/timusus/Shuttle) | Music Player | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://i.imgur.com/T9HnFlW.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=another.music.player)
[SoundSpice](https://github.com/farshed/SoundSpice-mobile) | SoundSpice is a light-weight and minimalist music player for Android. | JavaScript | [![Get it on Google Play](https://i.imgur.com/T9HnFlW.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.vynilla)
[spydroid-ipcamera](https://github.com/fyhertz/spydroid-ipcamera) | A powerful and funny android app. that streams the camera and microphone of your phone to your browser or to VLC | Java |   
[StickerCamera](https://github.com/Skykai521/StickerCamera) | A camera with sticker feature | Java |     
[SeriesGuide](https://github.com/UweTrottmann/SeriesGuide) | Manage (re)watching your favorite TV shows on your Android devices.  | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://i.imgur.com/T9HnFlW.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.battlelancer.seriesguide)
[Suprabhatham](https://github.com/v-adhithyan/suprabhatham-android-app) | Play Lord Venkateswara Suprabhatham or use schedule for playback later with option for recurring playback. | Java | 
[Showly](https://github.com/michaldrabik/showly-2.0) | Showly 2.0 is modern, slick, open-sourced Android TV Shows Tracker. | Kotlin | [![Get it on Google Play](https://i.imgur.com/T9HnFlW.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.michaldrabik.showly2)

### T  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[Telecine](https://github.com/JakeWharton/Telecine) | Record full resolution video | Java
[Timber](https://github.com/naman14/Timber) | Material Design Music Player | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://i.imgur.com/T9HnFlW.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=naman14.timber)
[Track My Shows](https://github.com/chashmeetsingh/TrackIt-Android) | Track My Shows | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://i.imgur.com/T9HnFlW.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=ss.delta.com.trackmyshows)
[Twire](https://github.com/Perflyst/Twire) | Twire is an open source, ad free Twitch browser and stream player for Android. | Java | [![Get it on Third-Party](http://i.imgur.com/ppYJYe5.png)](https://f-droid.org/packages/com.perflyst.twire/)

### U  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[UniversalMusicPlayer](https://github.com/googlesamples/android-UniversalMusicPlayer) | This sample shows how to implement an audio media app that works across multiple form factors and provide a consistent user experience on Android phones, tablets, Auto, Wear and Cast devices | Java |      

### V  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[Vanilla Music](https://github.com/vanilla-music/vanilla) | Vanilla Music is a clean, simple and free (opensource) music player. | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://i.imgur.com/T9HnFlW.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=ch.blinkenlights.android.vanilla)
[VLC for Android](https://github.com/videolan/vlc-android) | VLC is a free and open source cross-platform multimedia player and framework that plays most multimedia files as well as DVDs, Audio CDs, VCDs, and various streaming protocols. | C | [![Get it on Google Play](https://i.imgur.com/T9HnFlW.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.videolan.vlc&hl=en)

### W  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[WhatAndroid](https://github.com/Gwindow/WhatAndroid) | The What.CD Android App http://gwindow.github.com/WhatAndroid/ | Java | [![Get it on Third-Party](http://i.imgur.com/ppYJYe5.png)](http://gwindow.github.io/WhatAndroid/) 

### X  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[XimalayaKotlin](https://github.com/gs666/XimalayaKotlin) | An unofficial [Ximalaya FM](https://www.ximalaya.com/) client for Android entirely written using Kotlin language. | Kotlin |

### Y  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 |  |  |

### Z  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 |  |  |
