categories/personalization.md, before:

## Personalization  
### \#   
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 [10-bit Clock Widget](https://github.com/ashutoshgngwr/10-bitClockWidget) | 10-bit Clock Widget uses 10 binary dots and their color, to represent current time in 12-hour format. | Java | [![Get it on Third-Party](http://i.imgur.com/ppYJYe5.png)](https://github.com/ashutoshgngwr/10-bitClockWidget/releases/latest)   

### A  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

### B  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

### C  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------:
[CandyBar](https://goo.gl/tak6hn) | CandyBar is Android icon pack dashboard library developed by Dani Mahardhika. CandyBar is open source and free to use.  | Java | 

### D  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

### E  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

### F  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

### G  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

### H  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

### I  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[IconShowcase](https://goo.gl/MiS4mX) | IconShowcase is a Material Design based dashboard, made specially for icon packs. | Java | 

### J  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

### K  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 [KISS Launcher](https://github.com/Neamar/KISS) |KISS is a blazingly fast launcher for android requiring nearly no memory to run.http://kisslauncher.com/  | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://i.imgur.com/T9HnFlW.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=fr.neamar.kiss) 

### L  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[Launcher3](https://github.com/amirzaidi/Launcher3) | Launcher3 with Pixel Launcher features  | Java | [![Get it on Third-Party](http://i.imgur.com/ppYJYe5.png)](https://github.com/amirzaidi/Launcher3/releases/latest)   
[Lens Launcher](https://github.com/nicholasrout/lens-launcher) | Source Code & Resources for Lens Launcher  | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://i.imgur.com/T9HnFlW.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=nickrout.lenslauncher)
[LoneColor](https://github.com/appgramming/LoneColor-Android) | Set an instant beautiful color wallpaper with one tap, and a zero interface app  | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://i.imgur.com/T9HnFlW.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.appgramming.lonecolor)  
[Lunar Launcher](https://github.com/iamrasel/lunar-launcher) | Feature rich android home | Kotlin | [![Get it on F-Droid](https://f-droid.org/badge/get-it-on.png)](https://f-droid.org/packages/rasel.lunar.launcher) 

### M  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[Micopi](https://github.com/easytargetmixel/micopi_android) | Android app: Missing Contact Pictures  | Java | 
[Muzei Live Wallpaper](https://github.com/romannurik/muzei) | Muzei Live Wallpaper for Android http://www.muzei.co/ | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://i.imgur.com/T9HnFlW.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=net.nurik.roman.muzei)  

### N  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

### O  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

### P  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[Polar Dashboard](https://goo.gl/iOtePa) | Polar is a dashboard developed by me and designed by Tom Wellington. Tom came to me with the need for a new dashboard to be used in Gaufrer. Polar is designed to be different, beautiful, and professional. It also happens to be very easily configurable. | Java | 

### Q  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

### R  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

### S  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

### T  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

### U  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

### V  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

### W  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[WallpaperStore](https://github.com/zzhoujay/WallpaperStore) | Wallpaper developed with Kotlin | Java | 
[wall-splash-android](https://github.com/mikepenz/wallsplash-android) | wall:splash is a free open source android client for the awesome unsplash.com service (Free (do whatever you want) high-resolution photos) | Java |  
[Wally](https://github.com/Musenkishi/wally) | Wally is a fast and efficient open source wallpaper application for Android. | Java |  

### X  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

### Y  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

### Z  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | |

Commit message:

Candybar fork added
The original Candybar is discontinued for a while.

categories/personalization.md, after:

## Personalization  
### \#   
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 [10-bit Clock Widget](https://github.com/ashutoshgngwr/10-bitClockWidget) | 10-bit Clock Widget uses 10 binary dots and their color, to represent current time in 12-hour format. | Java | [![Get it on Third-Party](http://i.imgur.com/ppYJYe5.png)](https://github.com/ashutoshgngwr/10-bitClockWidget/releases/latest)   

### A  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

### B  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

### C  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------:
[CandyBar](https://goo.gl/tak6hn) | CandyBar is Android icon pack dashboard library developed by Dani Mahardhika. CandyBar is open source and free to use.  | Java | 
[CandyBar (fork)](https://github.com/zixpo/candybar)) | Improved version of the original CandyBar Dashboard developed by sarsamurmu. | Java | 

### D  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

### E  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

### F  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

### G  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

### H  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

### I  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[IconShowcase](https://goo.gl/MiS4mX) | IconShowcase is a Material Design based dashboard, made specially for icon packs. | Java | 

### J  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

### K  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 [KISS Launcher](https://github.com/Neamar/KISS) |KISS is a blazingly fast launcher for android requiring nearly no memory to run.http://kisslauncher.com/  | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://i.imgur.com/T9HnFlW.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=fr.neamar.kiss) 

### L  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[Launcher3](https://github.com/amirzaidi/Launcher3) | Launcher3 with Pixel Launcher features  | Java | [![Get it on Third-Party](http://i.imgur.com/ppYJYe5.png)](https://github.com/amirzaidi/Launcher3/releases/latest)   
[Lens Launcher](https://github.com/nicholasrout/lens-launcher) | Source Code & Resources for Lens Launcher  | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://i.imgur.com/T9HnFlW.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=nickrout.lenslauncher)
[LoneColor](https://github.com/appgramming/LoneColor-Android) | Set an instant beautiful color wallpaper with one tap, and a zero interface app  | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://i.imgur.com/T9HnFlW.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.appgramming.lonecolor)  
[Lunar Launcher](https://github.com/iamrasel/lunar-launcher) | Feature rich android home | Kotlin | [![Get it on F-Droid](https://f-droid.org/badge/get-it-on.png)](https://f-droid.org/packages/rasel.lunar.launcher) 

### M  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[Micopi](https://github.com/easytargetmixel/micopi_android) | Android app: Missing Contact Pictures  | Java | 
[Muzei Live Wallpaper](https://github.com/romannurik/muzei) | Muzei Live Wallpaper for Android http://www.muzei.co/ | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://i.imgur.com/T9HnFlW.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=net.nurik.roman.muzei)  

### N  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

### O  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

### P  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[Polar Dashboard](https://goo.gl/iOtePa) | Polar is a dashboard developed by me and designed by Tom Wellington. Tom came to me with the need for a new dashboard to be used in Gaufrer. Polar is designed to be different, beautiful, and professional. It also happens to be very easily configurable. | Java | 

### Q  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

### R  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

### S  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

### T  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

### U  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

### V  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

### W  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[WallpaperStore](https://github.com/zzhoujay/WallpaperStore) | Wallpaper developed with Kotlin | Java | 
[wall-splash-android](https://github.com/mikepenz/wallsplash-android) | wall:splash is a free open source android client for the awesome unsplash.com service (Free (do whatever you want) high-resolution photos) | Java |  
[Wally](https://github.com/Musenkishi/wally) | Wally is a fast and efficient open source wallpaper application for Android. | Java |  

### X  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

### Y  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

### Z  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | |
