categories/productivity.md, before:

## Productivity  
### \#   
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

### A  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

### B  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | |   

### C  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[Carbon Contacts](https://github.com/abhijith0505/CarbonContacts)|An android app that lets users select duplicates from their contact list and delete them. | Java |
[Card Case](https://github.com/blocoio/cardcase) | Exchange business cards with people nearby | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](http://i.imgur.com/7sq06lr.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=io.bloco.cardcase)   
[Conquer](https://github.com/hanks-zyh/Conquer) | A todo list app base Material Design | Java |   
 
### D  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

### E  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------:  
[EverMemo](https://github.com/daimajia/EverMemo) | Fast Record, Organize and Share. The android memo app you will deeply love. ❤  | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](http://i.imgur.com/7sq06lr.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.zhan_dui.evermemo)  
[EarthViewer](https://github.com/PDDStudio/earthview-android) | Showcase for earthview-android library and a wallpaper application together in one. | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](http://i.imgur.com/7sq06lr.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.pddstudio.earthviewer)

### F  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

### G  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

### H  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[Habitica](https://github.com/HabitRPG/habitica-android) | A habit tracker app which treats your goals like a Role Playing Game. | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](http://i.imgur.com/7sq06lr.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.habitrpg.android.habitica)
[Habito](https://github.com/vanyaland/Habito) | Simple habit tracker with the Firebase Realtime Database. | Java |

### I  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[Instalist](https://github.com/InstaList/instalist-android) | An app that helps you to manage shoppinglists. | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](http://i.imgur.com/7sq06lr.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.noorganization.instalist)
### J  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

### K  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

### L  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[Loop Habit Tracker](https://github.com/iSoron/uhabits) | Android app that helps you create and maintain good habits | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](http://i.imgur.com/7sq06lr.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.isoron.uhabits) 

### M  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[Memento](https://github.com/yaa110/Memento) | A simple note taking app | Java | 
[Minimal-Todo](https://github.com/avjinder/Minimal-Todo) | A fully Material ToDo app with minimal features, just enough to be useful. | Java |   

### N  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[Notes](https://github.com/lguipeng/Notes) | A simple note app with Material Design | Java | [![Get it on Third-Party](http://i.imgur.com/ppYJYe5.png)](http://www.coolapk.com/apk/com.lguipeng.notes)  

### O  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[Omni Notes](https://github.com/federicoiosue/Omni-Notes) | Open source note-taking application for Android | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](http://i.imgur.com/7sq06lr.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=it.feio.android.omninotes)  
[OpenNoteScanner](https://github.com/ctodobom/OpenNoteScanner) | Android application for scanning and manipulating handwritten notes and documents. | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](http://i.imgur.com/7sq06lr.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.todobom.opennotescanner) 
[Outlay](https://github.com/bmelnychuk/outlay) | Application to track expenses. | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](http://i.imgur.com/7sq06lr.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=app.outlay) 

### P  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[InstaChat- Chat from anywhere](https://github.com/mohak1712/Insta-Chat) | InstaChat offers a revolutionary way to read messages of your favourite messengers. It overlays every other app and you can reply from anywhere you want. | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](http://i.imgur.com/7sq06lr.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=social.chat.whatsapp.fb.messenger.messaging)

### Q  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 [Quill](https://github.com/vickychijwani/quill/) | The beautiful Android app for your [Ghost](https://ghost.org) blog | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](http://i.imgur.com/7sq06lr.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=me.vickychijwani.spectre)

### R  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[Remindly](https://github.com/blanyal/Remindly) | Remindly is a simple and user friendly application to create reminders. | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](http://i.imgur.com/7sq06lr.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.blanyal.remindly)  

### S  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[SmartisanNote](https://github.com/drakeet/SmartisanNote) | An unofficial Smartisan Notes.  | Kotlin |   
[Swiftnotes](https://github.com/adrianchifor/Swiftnotes) | Swiftnotes for Android - Note taking, simplified. | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](http://i.imgur.com/7sq06lr.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.moonpi.swiftnotes)  

### T  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[Tasks](https://github.com/dmfs/opentasks) | A task app for Android | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](http://i.imgur.com/7sq06lr.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.dmfs.tasks)  
[Text Fairy](https://github.com/renard314/textfairy) | Android OCR App | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](http://i.imgur.com/7sq06lr.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.renard.ocr)  
[ToGoZip](https://github.com/k3b/ToGoZip/) | "Add To Zip" for android's share/send menu. | Java | [<img src="https://f-droid.org/badge/get-it-on.png" alt="available on F-Droid app store" height="45">](https://f-droid.org/app/de.k3b.android.toGoZip)
[tudounotepad](https://github.com/geminiwen/tudounotepad) | A simple Notepad Application developed on Kotlin | Kotlin |  
[Turbo Editor](https://github.com/vmihalachi/turbo-editor) | Simple, Powerful and Open Source Text Editor for Android | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](http://i.imgur.com/7sq06lr.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.maskyn.fileeditor)
[todotxt](https://github.com/ginatrapani/todo.txt-android) | Official Todo.txt Android app for managing your todo.txt file stored in Dropbox. http://todotxt.com | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](http://i.imgur.com/7sq06lr.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.todotxt.todotxttouch)

### U  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

### V  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[VertiKin](https://github.com/prabhakar267/vertikin) | A platform to automatically detect what user might be interested in buying in near future  | Java, Python |   

### W  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

### X  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

### Y  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

### Z  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | |

Commit message:

Added ShutUp in productivity
ShutUp is a productivity app that encourages the user to stay lazy. Ironical, I know. It performs sensor based actions on calls like silent and end call etc. It can also schedule  multiple calls with repetition

categories/productivity.md, after:

## Productivity  
### \#   
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

### A  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

### B  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | |   

### C  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[Carbon Contacts](https://github.com/abhijith0505/CarbonContacts)|An android app that lets users select duplicates from their contact list and delete them. | Java |
[Card Case](https://github.com/blocoio/cardcase) | Exchange business cards with people nearby | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](http://i.imgur.com/7sq06lr.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=io.bloco.cardcase)   
[Conquer](https://github.com/hanks-zyh/Conquer) | A todo list app base Material Design | Java |   
 
### D  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

### E  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------:  
[EverMemo](https://github.com/daimajia/EverMemo) | Fast Record, Organize and Share. The android memo app you will deeply love. ❤  | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](http://i.imgur.com/7sq06lr.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.zhan_dui.evermemo)  
[EarthViewer](https://github.com/PDDStudio/earthview-android) | Showcase for earthview-android library and a wallpaper application together in one. | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](http://i.imgur.com/7sq06lr.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.pddstudio.earthviewer)

### F  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

### G  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

### H  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[Habitica](https://github.com/HabitRPG/habitica-android) | A habit tracker app which treats your goals like a Role Playing Game. | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](http://i.imgur.com/7sq06lr.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.habitrpg.android.habitica)
[Habito](https://github.com/vanyaland/Habito) | Simple habit tracker with the Firebase Realtime Database. | Java |

### I  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[Instalist](https://github.com/InstaList/instalist-android) | An app that helps you to manage shoppinglists. | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](http://i.imgur.com/7sq06lr.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.noorganization.instalist)
### J  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

### K  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

### L  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[Loop Habit Tracker](https://github.com/iSoron/uhabits) | Android app that helps you create and maintain good habits | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](http://i.imgur.com/7sq06lr.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.isoron.uhabits) 

### M  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[Memento](https://github.com/yaa110/Memento) | A simple note taking app | Java | 
[Minimal-Todo](https://github.com/avjinder/Minimal-Todo) | A fully Material ToDo app with minimal features, just enough to be useful. | Java |   

### N  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[Notes](https://github.com/lguipeng/Notes) | A simple note app with Material Design | Java | [![Get it on Third-Party](http://i.imgur.com/ppYJYe5.png)](http://www.coolapk.com/apk/com.lguipeng.notes)  

### O  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[Omni Notes](https://github.com/federicoiosue/Omni-Notes) | Open source note-taking application for Android | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](http://i.imgur.com/7sq06lr.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=it.feio.android.omninotes)  
[OpenNoteScanner](https://github.com/ctodobom/OpenNoteScanner) | Android application for scanning and manipulating handwritten notes and documents. | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](http://i.imgur.com/7sq06lr.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.todobom.opennotescanner) 
[Outlay](https://github.com/bmelnychuk/outlay) | Application to track expenses. | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](http://i.imgur.com/7sq06lr.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=app.outlay) 

### P  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[InstaChat- Chat from anywhere](https://github.com/mohak1712/Insta-Chat) | InstaChat offers a revolutionary way to read messages of your favourite messengers. It overlays every other app and you can reply from anywhere you want. | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](http://i.imgur.com/7sq06lr.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=social.chat.whatsapp.fb.messenger.messaging)

### Q  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 [Quill](https://github.com/vickychijwani/quill/) | The beautiful Android app for your [Ghost](https://ghost.org) blog | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](http://i.imgur.com/7sq06lr.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=me.vickychijwani.spectre)

### R  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[Remindly](https://github.com/blanyal/Remindly) | Remindly is a simple and user friendly application to create reminders. | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](http://i.imgur.com/7sq06lr.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.blanyal.remindly)  

### S  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[ShutUp!](https://github.com/RitwickVerma/ShutUp) | ShutUp! - Stay Lazy | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](http://i.imgur.com/7sq06lr.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.laughingstock.ritwick.shutup) 
[SmartisanNote](https://github.com/drakeet/SmartisanNote) | An unofficial Smartisan Notes.  | Kotlin |   
[Swiftnotes](https://github.com/adrianchifor/Swiftnotes) | Swiftnotes for Android - Note taking, simplified. | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](http://i.imgur.com/7sq06lr.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.moonpi.swiftnotes)  

### T  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[Tasks](https://github.com/dmfs/opentasks) | A task app for Android | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](http://i.imgur.com/7sq06lr.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.dmfs.tasks)  
[Text Fairy](https://github.com/renard314/textfairy) | Android OCR App | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](http://i.imgur.com/7sq06lr.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.renard.ocr)  
[ToGoZip](https://github.com/k3b/ToGoZip/) | "Add To Zip" for android's share/send menu. | Java | [<img src="https://f-droid.org/badge/get-it-on.png" alt="available on F-Droid app store" height="45">](https://f-droid.org/app/de.k3b.android.toGoZip)
[tudounotepad](https://github.com/geminiwen/tudounotepad) | A simple Notepad Application developed on Kotlin | Kotlin |  
[Turbo Editor](https://github.com/vmihalachi/turbo-editor) | Simple, Powerful and Open Source Text Editor for Android | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](http://i.imgur.com/7sq06lr.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.maskyn.fileeditor)
[todotxt](https://github.com/ginatrapani/todo.txt-android) | Official Todo.txt Android app for managing your todo.txt file stored in Dropbox. http://todotxt.com | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](http://i.imgur.com/7sq06lr.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.todotxt.todotxttouch)

### U  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

### V  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[VertiKin](https://github.com/prabhakar267/vertikin) | A platform to automatically detect what user might be interested in buying in near future  | Java, Python |   

### W  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

### X  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

### Y  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

### Z  
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | |
