categories/tools.md, before:

## Tools  
###\# 
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###A
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[Developer Toolbelt - Fill RAM](https://github.com/T-Spoon/Android-Developer-Toolbelt) | On-device low-memory testing for Android | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.tspoon.androidtoolbelt)  
[AcDisplay](https://github.com/AChep/AcDisplay) | AcDisplay is a new way of handling notifications in Android. | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.achep.acdisplay)  
[AIMSICD](https://github.com/SecUpwN/Android-IMSI-Catcher-Detector) | AIMSICD against IMSI-Catchers, StingRay and Silent SMS! | Java | [![Get it on Third-Party](http://i.imgur.com/ppYJYe5.png)](https://github.com/SecUpwN/Android-IMSI-Catcher-Detector/releases)  

###B
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[Bitocle for GitHub](https://github.com/mthli/Bitocle) | Bitocle is a simple android app which allows you to view your source code in GitHub.  | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=io.github.mthli.Bitocle)  
[BetterBatteryStats](https://github.com/asksven/BetterBatteryStats) | An attempt to provide advanced battery stats for Android  | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.asksven.betterbatterystats)  

###C
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[Camera Color Picker](https://github.com/tvbarthel/CameraColorPicker) | A simple tool that uses the device's camera to capture, in real time, colors around you. | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=fr.tvbarthel.apps.cameracolorpicker)
[Clean Status Bar](https://github.com/emmaguy/clean-status-bar) | Tidy up your Android status bar before taking screenshots for the Play Store  | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.emmaguy.cleanstatusbar)  
[Clip-Stack](https://github.com/heruoxin/Clip-Stack) | An Android clipboard history manager app with Material Design.  | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager)  
[Croma - Palette Manager](https://github.com/numixproject/org.numixproject.croma) | Android packaging for Croma http://croma.numixproject.org | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.numixproject.croma) 

###D
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[DashClock Widget](https://github.com/romannurik/dashclock) | Lock screen widget for Android 4.2+  | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=net.nurik.roman.dashclock)  
[DesignOverlay](https://github.com/Manabu-GT/DesignOverlay-Android) | Android app which displays design image with grid lines to facilitate the tedious design implementation process  | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.ms_square.android.design.overlay) 
[Device Control](https://github.com/Evisceration/android_packages_apps_DeviceControl) | Device Control is an app to control several features of your device as well as some nice extra features  | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.namelessrom.devicecontrol)  

###E
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###F
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------:  
[Firefox](https://wiki.mozilla.org/Mobile/Fennec/Android) | Firefox Browser for Android. | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.mozilla.firefox)
[Flock](https://github.com/WhisperSystems/Flock) | Private contact and calendar sync for Android. https://whispersystems.org/blog/flock  | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.anhonesteffort.flock)  

###G
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[GridWichterle](https://github.com/inmite/android-grid-wichterle) | This app will show grid overlay over whole system which helps you to verify your excellent app design.  | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=eu.inmite.android.gridwichterle)  

###H
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###I
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[Intent Intercept](https://github.com/intrications/intent-intercept) | This app attempts to intercept as many intents as possible in order to examine their contents. This helps when trying to develop an app that reacts to a particular intent.  | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=uk.co.ashtonbrsc.android.intentintercept)  

###J
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###K
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###L
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###M
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[Material Design Color Palette](https://github.com/HozakaN/MaterialDesignColorPalette) | This is a dev tool to visualize the colours of Material design defined on http://www.google.com/design/spec/style/color.html#color-ui-color-palette  | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=fr.hozakan.materialdesigncolorpalette)  
[MultiROM Manager](https://github.com/Tasssadar/MultiROMMgr) | MultiROM Manager - android app for MultiROM mod  | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.tassadar.multirommgr)  
[MLManager](https://github.com/javiersantos/MLManager) | Modern, easy and customizable app manager for Android  | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.javiersantos.mlmanager)  

###N
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[Notification Analyser](https://github.com/MPieter/Notification-Analyser) | An Android application to analyse your notification history.  | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.tierep.notificationanalyser)  
[Ninja](https://github.com/mthli/Ninja) | A web browser that open links in background without ever leaving your favorite apps.  | Java | [![Get it on Third-Party](http://i.imgur.com/ppYJYe5.png)](http://www.coolapk.com/apk/io.github.mthli.Ninja)   

###O
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[OS Monitor](https://github.com/eolwral/OSMonitor) | Android OS Monitor  | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.eolwral.osmonitor)  
[owncloud](https://github.com/owncloud/android) | The ownCloud Android App. | Java | 

###P
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[Prey Anti Theft](https://github.com/prey/prey-android-client) | Android client for the Prey anti-theft software. http://preyproject.com  | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.prey)  

###Q
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###R
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###S
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[SuperCleanMaster](https://github.com/joyoyao/superCleanMaster.git) | CleanMaster open source clone | Java |  
[S Tools+](https://github.com/naman14/S-Tools) | Keep track of your CPU and Sensors alongwith useful features like Color Picker,Compass and device information | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.naman14.stools) 
[SmsCodeHelper](https://github.com/drakeet/SmsCodeHelper) | 验证码助手，是一款 Material Design 的验证码管理器轻应用~它可以在手机接收到验证码短信的时候，自动浮现验证码，并且自动复制验证码到用户的剪切板。当用户接收到短信验证码，用户只要长按验证码的输入框，粘贴验证码即可。 | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=me.drakeet.inmessage)  
[StockTicker](https://github.com/premnirmal/StockTicker) | A resizable stock ticker widget for your android home screen | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.github.premnirmal.tickerwidget) 

###T
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[Telecine](https://github.com/JakeWharton/Telecine) | Record full-resolution video on your Android devices. | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.jakewharton.telecine)  
[Terminal Emulator for Android](https://github.com/jackpal/Android-Terminal-Emulator) | A VT-100 terminal emulator for the Android OS | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=jackpal.androidterm)  
[translate-bubble-android](https://github.com/47deg/translate-bubble-android) | Translations without interruptions  | Scala | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.fortysevendeg.translatebubble)  


###U
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[UPnP Browser](https://github.com/dgmltn/Android-UPnP-Browser) | Simple UPnP Browser with Material style | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.dgmltn.upnpbrowser)  

###V
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###W
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###X
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[Xsocks](https://github.com/lparam/xsocks-android) | A secure and fast proxy for protect your network traffic  | Java | [![Get it on Third-Party](http://i.imgur.com/ppYJYe5.png)](https://github.com/lparam/xsocks-android/releases)  

###Y
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###Z
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------:
[zxing](https://github.com/zxing/zxing) | Official ZXing ("Zebra Crossing") project home  | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.zxing.client.android)

Commit message:

add Permission Nanny by @littledot

categories/tools.md, after:

## Tools  
###\# 
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###A
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[Developer Toolbelt - Fill RAM](https://github.com/T-Spoon/Android-Developer-Toolbelt) | On-device low-memory testing for Android | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.tspoon.androidtoolbelt)  
[AcDisplay](https://github.com/AChep/AcDisplay) | AcDisplay is a new way of handling notifications in Android. | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.achep.acdisplay)  
[AIMSICD](https://github.com/SecUpwN/Android-IMSI-Catcher-Detector) | AIMSICD against IMSI-Catchers, StingRay and Silent SMS! | Java | [![Get it on Third-Party](http://i.imgur.com/ppYJYe5.png)](https://github.com/SecUpwN/Android-IMSI-Catcher-Detector/releases)  

###B
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[Bitocle for GitHub](https://github.com/mthli/Bitocle) | Bitocle is a simple android app which allows you to view your source code in GitHub.  | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=io.github.mthli.Bitocle)  
[BetterBatteryStats](https://github.com/asksven/BetterBatteryStats) | An attempt to provide advanced battery stats for Android  | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.asksven.betterbatterystats)  

###C
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[Camera Color Picker](https://github.com/tvbarthel/CameraColorPicker) | A simple tool that uses the device's camera to capture, in real time, colors around you. | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=fr.tvbarthel.apps.cameracolorpicker)
[Clean Status Bar](https://github.com/emmaguy/clean-status-bar) | Tidy up your Android status bar before taking screenshots for the Play Store  | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.emmaguy.cleanstatusbar)  
[Clip-Stack](https://github.com/heruoxin/Clip-Stack) | An Android clipboard history manager app with Material Design.  | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.catchingnow.tinyclipboardmanager)  
[Croma - Palette Manager](https://github.com/numixproject/org.numixproject.croma) | Android packaging for Croma http://croma.numixproject.org | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.numixproject.croma) 

###D
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[DashClock Widget](https://github.com/romannurik/dashclock) | Lock screen widget for Android 4.2+  | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=net.nurik.roman.dashclock)  
[DesignOverlay](https://github.com/Manabu-GT/DesignOverlay-Android) | Android app which displays design image with grid lines to facilitate the tedious design implementation process  | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.ms_square.android.design.overlay) 
[Device Control](https://github.com/Evisceration/android_packages_apps_DeviceControl) | Device Control is an app to control several features of your device as well as some nice extra features  | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.namelessrom.devicecontrol)  

###E
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###F
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------:  
[Firefox](https://wiki.mozilla.org/Mobile/Fennec/Android) | Firefox Browser for Android. | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.mozilla.firefox)
[Flock](https://github.com/WhisperSystems/Flock) | Private contact and calendar sync for Android. https://whispersystems.org/blog/flock  | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.anhonesteffort.flock)  

###G
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[GridWichterle](https://github.com/inmite/android-grid-wichterle) | This app will show grid overlay over whole system which helps you to verify your excellent app design.  | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=eu.inmite.android.gridwichterle)  

###H
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###I
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[Intent Intercept](https://github.com/intrications/intent-intercept) | This app attempts to intercept as many intents as possible in order to examine their contents. This helps when trying to develop an app that reacts to a particular intent.  | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=uk.co.ashtonbrsc.android.intentintercept)  

###J
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###K
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###L
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###M
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[Material Design Color Palette](https://github.com/HozakaN/MaterialDesignColorPalette) | This is a dev tool to visualize the colours of Material design defined on http://www.google.com/design/spec/style/color.html#color-ui-color-palette  | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=fr.hozakan.materialdesigncolorpalette)  
[MultiROM Manager](https://github.com/Tasssadar/MultiROMMgr) | MultiROM Manager - android app for MultiROM mod  | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.tassadar.multirommgr)  
[MLManager](https://github.com/javiersantos/MLManager) | Modern, easy and customizable app manager for Android  | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.javiersantos.mlmanager)  

###N
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[Notification Analyser](https://github.com/MPieter/Notification-Analyser) | An Android application to analyse your notification history.  | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.tierep.notificationanalyser)  
[Ninja](https://github.com/mthli/Ninja) | A web browser that open links in background without ever leaving your favorite apps.  | Java | [![Get it on Third-Party](http://i.imgur.com/ppYJYe5.png)](http://www.coolapk.com/apk/io.github.mthli.Ninja)   

###O
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[OS Monitor](https://github.com/eolwral/OSMonitor) | Android OS Monitor  | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.eolwral.osmonitor)  
[owncloud](https://github.com/owncloud/android) | The ownCloud Android App. | Java | 

###P
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[Permission Nanny](https://github.com/littledot/Permission-Nanny) | Permission Nanny is an application that can access resources which are protected by permissions on your behalf, so that your application does not need to declare permission usage in your AndroidManifest.xml. With Permission Nanny, it is possible for your application to not require any permissions at all, yet still be able to access permission-protected resources.  | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.permissionnanny)  
[Prey Anti Theft](https://github.com/prey/prey-android-client) | Android client for the Prey anti-theft software. http://preyproject.com  | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.prey)  

###Q
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###R
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###S
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[SuperCleanMaster](https://github.com/joyoyao/superCleanMaster.git) | CleanMaster open source clone | Java |  
[S Tools+](https://github.com/naman14/S-Tools) | Keep track of your CPU and Sensors alongwith useful features like Color Picker,Compass and device information | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.naman14.stools) 
[SmsCodeHelper](https://github.com/drakeet/SmsCodeHelper) | 验证码助手，是一款 Material Design 的验证码管理器轻应用~它可以在手机接收到验证码短信的时候，自动浮现验证码，并且自动复制验证码到用户的剪切板。当用户接收到短信验证码，用户只要长按验证码的输入框，粘贴验证码即可。 | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=me.drakeet.inmessage)  
[StockTicker](https://github.com/premnirmal/StockTicker) | A resizable stock ticker widget for your android home screen | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.github.premnirmal.tickerwidget) 

###T
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[Telecine](https://github.com/JakeWharton/Telecine) | Record full-resolution video on your Android devices. | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.jakewharton.telecine)  
[Terminal Emulator for Android](https://github.com/jackpal/Android-Terminal-Emulator) | A VT-100 terminal emulator for the Android OS | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=jackpal.androidterm)  
[translate-bubble-android](https://github.com/47deg/translate-bubble-android) | Translations without interruptions  | Scala | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.fortysevendeg.translatebubble)  


###U
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[UPnP Browser](https://github.com/dgmltn/Android-UPnP-Browser) | Simple UPnP Browser with Material style | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.dgmltn.upnpbrowser)  

###V
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###W
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###X
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[Xsocks](https://github.com/lparam/xsocks-android) | A secure and fast proxy for protect your network traffic  | Java | [![Get it on Third-Party](http://i.imgur.com/ppYJYe5.png)](https://github.com/lparam/xsocks-android/releases)  

###Y
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###Z
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------:
[zxing](https://github.com/zxing/zxing) | Official ZXing ("Zebra Crossing") project home  | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.zxing.client.android)
