categories/travel_and_local.md, before:

## Travel & Local
###\# 
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###A
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###B
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###C
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[c:geo](https://github.com/cgeo/cgeo) | c:geo is an open source, full-featured, always ready-to-go client for geocaching.com (unofficial) and offers basic support for other geocaching platforms (like Opencaching) | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=cgeo.geocaching)

###D
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[Dining Out](https://github.com/pushbit/dining-out) | Create your own list of restaurants, write reviews and share with friends. | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=net.sf.diningout)

###E
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###F
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###G
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###H
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###I
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###J
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###K
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###L
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###M
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###N
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###O
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[Opaler](https://github.com/timgreen/opaler) | Public Transport card manager for Sydney | Scala | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=it.timgreen.opal) 
[OpenBikeSharing](https://github.com/bparmentier/OpenBikeSharing) | Shared bikes availability in your city | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=be.brunoparmentier.openbikesharing.app) 

###P
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###Q
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###R
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[RoX for Android](https://github.com/dan-zx/rox-android) | Android app for Tourism Recommendations https://rox.herokuapp.com | Java | 

###S
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###T
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###U
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###V
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###W
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###X
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###Y
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###Z
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | |

Commit message:

Add Maps.me in Travel & Local

categories/travel_and_local.md, after:

## Travel & Local
###\# 
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###A
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###B
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###C
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[c:geo](https://github.com/cgeo/cgeo) | c:geo is an open source, full-featured, always ready-to-go client for geocaching.com (unofficial) and offers basic support for other geocaching platforms (like Opencaching) | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=cgeo.geocaching)

###D
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[Dining Out](https://github.com/pushbit/dining-out) | Create your own list of restaurants, write reviews and share with friends. | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=net.sf.diningout)

###E
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###F
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###G
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###H
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###I
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###J
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###K
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###L
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###M
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[Maps.me](https://github.com/mapsme/omim) | Offline OpenStreetMap maps for iOS/Android/Mac/Linux/Windows | C++ | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.mapswithme.maps.pro)

###N
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###O
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[Opaler](https://github.com/timgreen/opaler) | Public Transport card manager for Sydney | Scala | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=it.timgreen.opal) 
[OpenBikeSharing](https://github.com/bparmentier/OpenBikeSharing) | Shared bikes availability in your city | Java | [![Get it on Google Play](https://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_app_rgb_wo_45.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=be.brunoparmentier.openbikesharing.app) 

###P
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###Q
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###R
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
[RoX for Android](https://github.com/dan-zx/rox-android) | Android app for Tourism Recommendations https://rox.herokuapp.com | Java | 

###S
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###T
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###U
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###V
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###W
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###X
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###Y
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | | 

###Z
App Name                   | Describe                  | Major Language             | Download 
:------------------------: | :------------------------ | :------------------------: | :------------------------: 
 | | |
